# H13A ECHO Meeting Minutes
## 06/07/2021
### Start: 12:00pm End: 1:00pm

### Agenda
* Updates
* What needs to be done
* Milestone 1 Demo

### What has been done:
* Buildings have been created with tests
* Items have been created with tests
* Statuses have been created with tests
* Moving entity has been updated to hold hp, attack, defense and methods to action attacking and receiving damage
* Battle methods for different entities have been created with tests
* Autonomous battle is still under development but is mostly complete and functioning with attacking and receiving attacks, and using potions
    * Missing small things and edge case behaviours
* Frontend is now working, but more could be done on Items

### What needs to be done:
* Shop backend functionality and frontend design (maggie will work on it over the week)
* Edge case functionality for battle (kelvin will continue on this)
* Building cards for front end and drag and drop need to be worked on (justin will work on this over the week)
* Frontend could be further designed, need to test different path layouts (daniel will continue on this)
    * But also not that important for this milestone
* Testing coverage
* Updating UML again

### Milestone 1 Demo:
* Think Matthew will have some sort of format on how it will be run
* Things that need to be demo'd:
    * UML (all of us)
    * Timeline (daniel)
    * Assumptions (all of us)
    * Lo-fi design (justin)
    * Requirements, user stories and acceptance (maggie and kelvin)

