# H13A ECHO Meeting Minutes
## 29/07/2021
### Start: 2:00pm End: 3:00pm

### Agenda
* Updates
* What needs to be done

### What has been done:
* Kelvin been working on milestone 2 Feedback
    * Variable names are better, added more to assumptions, fixed uml diagram, delegated some methods away from loopmaniaworld, made observer manager class and battle manager class
    * loopmaniaworld still pretty long
    * Coverage still need to be worked on 
        * Main thing is we forgot to test loopmaniaworld and the managers
* Item tiers is complete, might extend it more to include more effects at different tiers
* Burned effect from anduril blade critical attacks
* Put in front end for confusing mode
* Back button and mute button in main menu
* Item durability fx scales with brightness in frontend (decrease brightness as decrease durability)
* New dragon ally at level 20 that flies around: support radius 
    * if it kills an enemy it gains stats

### What needs to be done:
* Coverage
* Justin: Goals screen needs to be improved
* Justin to fix sound and add togglemute methods to loopmaniaworldcontroller
* We could potentially add an extra extension of final gyms to win the game, but maybe too much effort since we already have many extensions
    * Justin to do building and card
    * Daniel to do Json and image loading
    * Kelvin to do moving entity for gym leader
    * Maggie do some status effects?
        * Bleed, poison, but its similar to burn?
        * They just versions of eachother
* Maggie to extend item tiers
* Maggie to do comments on all files
* UML
* Need to double check all our patterns
* Assumptions again
* More debugging
* Kelvin to clean up code and files

### Potential bugs:
* Ring doesnt unequip when used
* Many zombies in one spot??
* buying items stacks in inventory


### Next meeting: 1/08 11am
