# H13A ECHO Meeting Minutes
## 28/06/2021
### Start: 1:00pm End: 4:30pm

### Agenda
* Recap necessary doables
* Assign Tasks

### What has been done:
* Epic Stories: 11
* User Stories

### What needs to be done (ALL DUE 01/07):
* UML Diagram
    * Daniel
* Drawing interface
    * Justin
* Acceptance criteria
    * Kelvin and Maggie
* Timeline
    * We actually should have done this at the start but havent
    * Put in the dates that have already passed and what we have already done
    * Its an estimate of how long things take
        * Maggie: it might be easier to do once we have more acceptance criteria since we have a better idea of how long things will take
    * Daniel will make it into a gantt chart


### Other items which were discussed:
* What is an MVP?
    * The most basic functioning app, like one enemy, ability to move, use one item
* Frontend
    * Actually not a huge portion of marks
    * Do we want to keep it portait or landscape?
        * Landscape 
    * Style inspirations:
        * Pokemon units
        * Pokemon map
        * Maplestory
    * We can animate stuff, but it might be alot of work. We can also think about this later. 
        * Daniel: We could rip the animation off pokemon, but we need to find a way to code it
        * Kelvin: either that or we use the starter code (which we dont really want to do) or we start it from scratch. 
        * Maggie: we could use the starter code to teach ourselves and maybe keep some aspects but start it again
    * Visual bar displays
        * Bar that displays health
        * Visual indication of weapon durability
            * Weapons should break, otherwise whats the point of getting more and more weapons?
        * Experience --> increasing health?
            * could be part of our assumptions: ie we assume that when we level up, our max health increases by 1
    * Itll be really easy to replace images
* Assumptions doc:
    * keep updating the doc, check other peoples assumptions that have been made
    * Kelvin: the more assumptions the better
    * We have to verify our assumptions anyway so better to have a big list and cull it down
* New name for the game?
    * PokeLoopMania
    * PokeEchoLoop
    * DistortionWorld

* Meetings in the future
    * Meetings in labs
    * Do we want another one?
        * We gather together a lot of agenda items
        * Monday Meetings
        * Not many items, just deal with it in chat and dont need meeting
